thanks I want to say that I think there
some steps in this life that one
should skip for example when you
you catch someone the other day like that
are the greetings is something that one
I should skip it because it's like I do
a kiss in the mouth like energy or
wave hello hello hello ideally throws you
the aaiún kiss to the ear
Another step that should be skipped is that
your dads should never ever explain
how children come to the world because it is
an uncomfortable cache and your mom says so
As a good daughter, the father puts a
little seed inside of the mom doubt
the only thing for the only thing that serves that is
that if you get caught after having
Relationships mom no
I was doing that from the environment
you can plant seed and leave
your tree
you have to skip too the first time
that you go to drive with your dad because
that roe can cost you the last name
your dad screams twice in life one
when he sees a match two when his daughter
blonde handles
and start to you
and start like this
dad let me go up next you first
or women we should skip all
the times that they come to us to make pee
Cachai because they do not come out that way in
worst moments
let's see all day on the beach
and the whole process of conquest
one should skip the direct to the
relationship 6 or should it be like hello
My name is Allison. What is your name?
perfect you want to talk to me have
four children
ok your friend will want
because the conquest process is super
shit first you do not notice the
other's flaws that are obvious is
screaming and telling you how it went with him
he looked yesterday
and I loved the middle I do not swear
murderer 2 family raped his sister
or you have to skip the first
conversations that you have as with your
mino when fumbling ground as
chase that one says yes to you today
you like animals if I like them
is bacán I go with my second question to
you like to make threesomes
I do not like why
then ask some human
some flirting with when not yet
that someone has and starts like that
hand run is would have to skip
because it 's like he grabs you
and sick
or sleeping for the first time with someone that
it's something that should not be skipped cachai
because one sleeps bad cache of my
species because the mines we want to be
a princess of that night then in
action and as a spoon that as well as
I hope my hair is like that just at
side so you do not get buried in the
nose sleeps species and there are four hours
trying to sleep is your body asleep
yes
the heart you're going to die in any
moment
and in this race and then
I have to see it pretty I have to
look pretty and suddenly as it already
bitch you move a bit like I do not know for
that some blood circulates if you move
and the egg was pulled
everything that you worked good can
feel a peo or all and we have all
wanted to be singers sometime
god you can skip the part where
they catch us trying because they are not
in the bathroom as well as the dryers and
humiliated singing and someone then
it's not that I'm going to commit suicide and
I come back
or skip all the paperwork that you have to
do
eating artichoke one towards the middle
process to get to eat the poto
they are ugly
or skip the nine months of pregnancy
as well as having relationships of
suddenly a baby is born as of three
years already and it tells you if as a mom you do not
go so many the reason
and there are so many things that would have to be
skip in life so that life
be happy for example skip the
travel by plane and get to the shot as
place almost skip work and get
to pull salary skip Monday and from
altiro on Friday skip the fights and
be all pure love skip sex and
get to the shot to orgasm
thank you very much good night